Prelude
My lungs screamed as I caught my breath. I ran for twenty minutes straight from my workplace to Alice's house. The road was uphill, but my legs continued regardless.
“Your girlfriend sent you a letter.”

I’m done. 
That’s all the letter told me. My relationship with her was complicated, yet those words were enough to set my chest ablaze.
It was easier to take the bus, but my brain didn’t have any power to think so, and I think it was because I met her that the panic swallowed me.
I reached the front yard of her house. The entrance gate was ajar. My sweat continuously gushed, and my t-shirt drenched. Beyond the gate lies my anxiety. Their living room was entirely covered in darkness.
“Alice!” I cried so hard I felt my throat reverberate. 
In a rush, I tripped over and scraped my knees. It definitely bled, but still, I ran over to their door in desperation.

It was really dark. Anything inside was barely distinguishable. There was a silhouette. It noticed me. It dropped something, and that let out a metal clank.
“Alice!”
The silhouette ran away, straight to where the motorcycle was parked. My attention, however, was only focused on where she was.
That’s why...
I was reminded,
the moment that I saw her lifeless body,
Beautifully lying cold on the floor,
That on that night—
Little wishes was cast upon the star—
My sweet memory and a hopeful day,
Our moment’s bliss and a broken bridge.
The sudden storm and its gale of lies,
Like a stranger’s home in unwanted paradise.
All the love inside, endured— a sadistic torture.
A heart discouraged, persisted and twisted.
Alice, I wonder, had you remembered?
“Yes, I do.” Sweetly, those words she whispered like glazed honey to my ear.

“Had it even occurred to you?" She asked me with a proud smile and bitter regret. ”I guess it never did.” My tears flowed, and her slender fingers brushed them gently. “You never seemed to change. Even if the world ends, you’ll still be the same. I’m sorry. I’m sorry that I gave you this burden.”


Prologue 1 (hospital, just show Prologue with the black screen as a breathing)
I squinted at the rays of light. Just the sight of them blinded me as they passed through my eyes as soon as I woke up. 
Beside me, there were people in white clothes. A tall middle-aged man with a stoic face and a young woman who carried a black paper list close to her chest—both of them were obvious figures of a certain institution.
I figured out that I was in a hospital, who they were, and what purpose they served. A practitioner of medicine, just like my aunt was.
“You’ve been in a coma for weeks. Do you remember who you are?" Her voice resonated a gentle tone filled with kindness.
In response, I nodded as she asked me my name.
“Do you remember what happened? ”
There was a small pause between our conversation.
Confused, I repeated her question. “What happened?" 

I saw the nurse evidently change her expression into a pensive sigh, as if she were grieving.
“You had a terrible injury.” The doctor cut in stoically. “Ah, don’t worry about your payment. Your cafeteria manager and Ms. Emilia, your aunt, had both paid for your medical bills. She used to be a director here. Do you know that? ” 
“Injury?" Now that it came to my attention, my body felt heavy, almost as if I had an anchor atop of me. My head was so uncomfortable that it physically hurts to think much.
“Yes, we were informed that you were an athlete before, am I right? A track-and-field star to be specific.” The doctor rubbed his chin. I can feel his artificial concern gauging my reactions. “Unfortunately, it is not advisable for you to place your lower body under great stress, at least until it reaches full recovery which will take multiple years or so.”
“Oh.", I stared at the bandages in front of me; they were my legs. "What happened to them? "
The doctor and nurse stared at each other, as if in surprise.
“You survived a collision against a truck. However it is almost unnatural, frankly, even the police wanted to know more. And then, it seems that you have symptoms of short-term memory loss. Do you really not remember what happened?”
“I’m sorry, doctor.”
“Don’t worry about it. You had a head injury as well. Nothing too serious but none would doubt even if you fake forgetting your whole biography.” The doctor laughed stiffly. “Well, I suppose that’s it. Let us meet again in a few weeks, Mr. Lates.”
The two people in white walk out of the room after the conversation, almost in a hurry. They were whispering something. I can hear them, but their exchange doesn't make sense to me. Their faces showed worry, but not for me. Definitely not me.
(Black screen)
“You see, Julia, I don’t want to treat a criminal orphan. He’s lucky that Emilia asked me for a favor. That’s it.”

Prologue 2 
The first thing that my nurse told me was that I had amnesia. Although I remember everything I could since I was a child, the night of the accident and why I was here are absent from my memory. It was almost too convenient.
Days passed, and I thought about my life after all these medications. I won’t be who I was anymore, but maybe I’ll still live a normal life. I’m sure all of them would understand that I’m unable to run anymore just like I did, an athlete of my school. Once I healed up, I would wake up early, study hard, or maybe don’t study at all, get friends, take care of myself, get a relationship with a very cute girlfriend, and do all those normal things that everyone thinks are worth living for.
I was probably sneering. Life in the hospital was that boring. Most of my days, I lay here in bed with nothing but reading piles of complicated books. However, even if those daydreams were nothing but a silly joke, all those hopes completely shattered as soon as this guy in blue stepped inside the room. His visit was not because he’s worried about my health, that's what I immediately assumed, but rather, it was for something dreadful that I probably don’t want to hear.
“Victor Lates, we met again.” He was a man with a messy beard and ugly eye bags, and his hair was barely done at all. Underneath his dirty, shabby coat, he collected a familiar badge and presented it towards my face. “I’m from the investigation force, as you may have known, but the nurse told me that the result of the accident caused you to have amnesia. How convenient, if you don’t mind my opinion.”
He was smug. The man sneered at me as if I were prey that he could’ve devoured anytime he wanted to.
“I’ll introduce myself again for you. My name is Detective Wiles., I’m here to investigate a missing person, a girl whom you have a very deep tie to —, Alice F. Merry.”
“Alice was… missing?”

“Yes, including the death of her father, Mr. Murphy, in which you were listed as a suspect, by me of course.”
I don’t remember. There’s nothing that comes after my memory when he mentioned Alice’s father.
“If you could’ve told me what happened, the process of this investigation would be miles smoother, kid. What d’ya say, don’t you think you should cooperate?”
‘But, I don’t know anything.”
“Then let me try to jumble your mind. That night, Mr. Murphy crashed into a truck. There was a witness in the neighborhood who saw the truck run away after the crash. It was a hit and run, and unfortunately, until now, we have no idea who the driver was or where the owner of this truck was.”
“And I was listed as a suspect because of the crash?”
“Yes.,”, answered the detective confidently.
“How does that even work? I don’t even own one, more so being able to drive a truck myself. Are you stupid?”
“It’s amazing how you could joke around a dire situation, kid.” The detective sat at the chair he grabbed as he placed it beside my hospital bed. “Because, it doesn’t make sense. Why do you have the same injury as him? A man on a motorcycle, and you, a kid, there’s gotta be only one explanation. You saw the accident because you’re there! Sitting on the same motorcycle!”
“But it was Friday that night, am I right? My shift goes from Wednesday to Sunday, for your information. I work an afternoon shift from five to midnight. That means that I was working that time, it’s impossible unless he gave me a ride from my work.”
“Right…” The detective gave up, or rather gave up trying to trap me, “but still, you were there. For some reason, ten minutes after you left the cafeteria you were working from. You were inside Alice’s house. The neighbors apparently reported a gunshot inside Mr. Murphy’s house and also one of them saw you running to your girlfriend’s place.”
“Detective, if I may be frank, what you’re doing to me is just bullying don’t you think so?” 
“What? What do you mean?”
“It’s basic logic, even if I don’t remember anything that night. I was not the one who killed Mr. Murphy, more so if he died after the unfortunate accident against the truck.”

“But, your circumstances! Don’t you want to help me? Are you not concerned for your girlfriend and her family? Like kid, come on, be a man!”

“Look, I talked to you because I myself was curious about what happened between the gaps of my memory, but all I got seemed to be just a phony detective trying to pin the blame on me. I’m sorry, detective, but I’ll exercise my right of silence now.”
After that, my life was nothing but silence until I got discharged from my medication. The nurses in this hospital were seemingly alarmed by my presence, especially after the visit of that detective. Sometimes when I wander at the hospital, I often hear whispers from left to right.
“That guy is a murderer.”
“Do you think he kidnapped that poor gal?”
“Be careful, he might hear you!”
“I know he has a connection with the Don.”
“Was it even ethically right to keep this kind of boy alive?”
“But it’s not like he was proven guilty.”
“Just like every criminal who walks freely and breathes the same air as us.”
There was silence. 
It's not like I care what every stranger thinks of me. I’ve gotten used to this kind of treatment in a very long time that I learned to enjoy them.
Hearsays were everywhere that I was too good as a teenager and that I might have solid connections with the local mafia because of how I held my ground against that blatant attempt of bullying. They were scared of me because maybe I'd kill them, and I didn’t even care about my “girlfriend” and all that. 
Alice…
Although maybe they have a point. I guess it's possible. I’m really that heartless and that cold.
A normal life huh? Laughable, like hell that’s even possible.

Prologue 3
The cars passed by just like how time did for me. It was a cloudy morning.
Every single weekday, a normal student goes to school and studies for their own sake. They were the words of every single teacher I’ve met. It’s been six months since I left Track and Field. I used to be an athlete. They called me their ace until my legs got injured in an accident. It was an unfortunate incident that restricted the limits of my movements.
Afterwards, everyone treated me like an alien. My classmates once asked me about Alice. I told them that I didn’t know, and after that, everyone treated me coldly. Same with my clubmates. I knew that they were being polite, even if they were being passively annoyed by my indifference towards the situation of my missing close friend.

Not that their opinion is my problem. So what do you all want me to do, huh?
Anyway, one of my former clubmates at Track and Field randomly saw me smoking cigarettes in the streets. He lashed out at me as a result, which created some unnecessary scenes. I’m not even sure what his name was, nor have I had any recollection of talking with him before this childish dispute happened. All I got from the heated conversation (purely him), if you can call it one, was that he admired my skills and all that.
It ended up with me punching his face and throwing a half-used cigarette away somewhere else in the streets.
Needless to say, all of the students in school were scared of me the next day. I don’t blame them. 
I remember the times of my stay in the hospital, I secretly kept blaming myself. My memories, anxiety, and the helpless hurt that was stuck right inside my chest, I don’t know why they were there but it never disappeared. No matter how much time had passed.
With a menthol cigarette, I inhaled the sweet cold nicotine inside my lungs and blew all the smoke away. “Indifference huh? Not wrong but why should I bother explaining how I feel to everyone? As if their spoiled-ass life could ever sympathize with me. There’s just no way.” I shrugged at the afternoon sky and then let out a lazy yawn. 
Am I pouting? 
I’m a student and I have responsibility to graduate and work afterwards but why should I study? I don’t even care. My grades could get all the red marks it deserved, and it wouldn’t make me sad. Why am I even here at school? Why am I even trying? 
Months have already passed and here I am still asking the same questions.
I hated adults; to accept that there’s already a path made for us was insane. But I do admit that the other way around was barbaric; I would rather have a system to follow. I guess it’s embedded in my lifestyle as someone with connections to strange people.
Lately, however, it feels like nothing matters. No matter how much effort I exerted, it felt like there was no hint of progress. All the doubt and regret cluttered, and every single day it was ready to burst. Which is why I can’t forgive myself. I hate my incompetence and detest every bit of myself.
I guess this is what it would feel like if the world itself were against me. The dislike my heart instilled because of loneliness had never left completely. It’s unfair. All I could do was place a poker face. Nothing of the bitter emotions I nurtured within me was ever expressed, thanks to my stubbornness. It’s impossible. I could never erase the memories that bloomed. It haunted me. But whatever, I hate sad shit like that. That’s why, even if it's embarrassing, I must confess this wishy-washy thought unbecoming of a man: that someday, there may be a time where everything I had reflected on and experienced never turned into something useless or pale...
Just like the cigarette atop my fingertips, I inhale it every time I'm sad and then throw it away after every leaf is completely burned out.



Chapter 1
I thought of attending class after my break. Every night, I work part-time at a coffee shop. I lied in my resume about how old I am, but as a barista, I’m apparently skilled enough. It was thanks to my aunt, who was a coffee nerd. She taught me a lot of priceless lessons in life.
It would be a lie if I said that I’m too exhausted to study. I guess I just don’t feel like it. My attendance has been poor. At some point, I’ll be a drop-out student due to my absences.

But because of my stubborn indifference towards the future, I had impulsively decided not to. “Whatever,” I yawned and stretched my body as I threw the cigarette that I was smoking.
That said, it’s a bit boring to stay here without doing anything. I guess I should go to...
1. Club Room
2. Attend the Class
3. Go Home

(Choosing Club Room)
Club room... It’s a bit risky, but it’s one way of spending a splendid early morning. Someday, in the near future, perhaps scientists and inventors will be able to create a digital book. Just transfer your data file to that device, and congratulations! You own a book! 
Imagine the convenience. Instead of spending so much money that it eats up a whole lot of space, this device that you own will allow you to archive everything in virtual storage. It sounds so practical that it’s too good to be true.
The problems with availability get more complicated when the book you want to read isn’t available at the nearest bookstore. Some people you know will tell you that the book you want, with better translation, a better cover, and hardbound, is literally on the other side of your country—with about two to three hours of travel time, depending on traffic. It’s a bum, and when I feel lazy, I want to use an internet shopping service. As a result the fee doubles because of the delivery fee. Thank you very much, I won’t order!
I’m sure that in modernity, through all the genius progress of science and computers, such devices I’m unaware of must’ve already been invented. That said, I did hear some information about e-books here and there. College students call it Candle or something. Ah, right. I guess they do exist. However, what sense does it make to read books if you can't feel the paper and pages? I judge that any readers who prefer such experiences are dire and bleak in their own artistic taste. It's quite sad.
I guess that even if digital books are much more practical, less expensive, and more convenient, I would rather read on paper. They’re much more amusing when you feel the actual weight and heat of the thing you read. Imagine if one is reading a five hundred-page paper. There’s a difference a reader could instinctively notice in how much love that book must’ve received from the author. That kind of feeling is lost when converted into a feather-weight digital book.
I barely own any books. Most of the books I’ve read were not mine because of financial and other problems. Could there be a place where a bunch of books are collected together? Ah, yes. School Libraries. However, even if it is an easy answer, school libraries are overrated. They don’t solve my problem at all. The fictional books that these “professional librarians” handpick are quite frankly tasteless. It makes you wonder if they have even read them. None are interesting at all.
That’s why I’m glad to join the club I’m in right now, even if it means that I’m risking something scary—like an authoritarian type of leadership.
Perhaps too mean of an assessment, but this girl has a reputation for having such stinging words that even teachers around thirties are scared of her. One rumor even said that a gang leader cried because she was too mean, and beautiful too (they said).
Will I truly be a truant in front of her and spend my time in the club room?
(Choosing to Attend the Class)
Choosing to attend the class... Seriously? Even sleeping on the streets and vibing with people you don’t know who might’ve stabbed you for no reason at all are much more interesting and preferable. It’s not that I hate going to class. More than that, I’m just bored. There’s the case with Alice as well, and the all-unwelcoming gaze I receive every day from them. Going to school is much more trouble than anyone with normal experience can realize.
I won’t go to school if it bores me. Now, imagine, in addition, if everyone hates me as well. Such a perfect combination to mix up a perfect excuse.
Not that I care what anyone thinks of me. I'm just trying to paint a full picture of why.
(Choosing to Go Home)
I could go home. It’s an option too. A much more preferable option, really. But what am I going to do there? The neighborhood has gotten noisier lately. They even low-key interrogate me about my “girlfriend” too. Fuck off.
These women don’t have anything to do with their lives but make up rumors and feed on them as if they’ll die in a world without drama. If I’m going home, it’s because I want to sleep, eat, or take a bath. Stuff like that.
(After Choosing Everything)
I’m risking it, but I guess I should head to the club room. I don’t think Eve is that scary, really, as long as you don’t get to her bad side. Which is pretty difficult, apparently.
Part 2

In a clubroom, the room was the same as ever. The reader’s club was the club I ended up with after I quit the last one I joined. There were only a few of us. In fact, the members only met its minimum requirement. I, Eve, and the other man whose name I can’t recall—he barely attended our club activities—can't blame me for that, honestly.
After a few months of my injury, I was discharged from the hospital. I could walk just fine, but it was still difficult to run. I’m essentially a crippled person compared to who I was before.
In my leisure time, I was reading a book written by King. It was a horror novel. Apparently, this work was one of Eve’s favorites. I stayed here until the afternoon and read about a hundred pages.
I was never fond of horror. I suppose that I kept reading just because, and at the same time, I was bored out of my mind that there was nothing better to do. Frankly, I had many problems with his narrative style, but it was certainly an experience. It was a fun read and well worth my time.
The time flowed swiftly, I barely noticed. I mean, I fell asleep and skipped class, but at this point, it didn’t mean anything to me. Simply because, one day, I couldn’t care less about my grades. I never got curious why, and although I have my own reasons, I would rather keep it to myself.
A clack of the door as the sound of the wood softly banged the wall beside the club entrance had distracted me from reading peacefully. There was a rude visitor.
“You’re cutting classes in our club room again?" The stranger intruded rudely, and as she sighed, I figured that something had disappointed her. Eve was her name. She’s one of my clubmates, the president even. She's never demanding or bossy despite the fact, but her moral standards were infectious. If anything, almost no one, not even the professors, won an argument against her.
“Your attendance has been so poor that our class advisor approached me to do something about it.”

I didn’t say anything. Every ounce of my focus was directed at the book I’m reading.

I could hear her footsteps. They were in an interval fast enough for me to sense something ominous. 

Before I knew it, she picked up the book that I was reading. I was surprised. Her pretty face and serious demeanor caught me unguarded.

“This isn’t a joke, you could’ve gotten expelled,” said Eve as she fixed her posture.

“There’s no reason for me to attend classes.” I calmly retorted. “I’m sorry but I don’t want to waste my time learning something useless.”

“That’s not true,” she argued confidently. “It’s not useless because education is essential.” 

“How? Are you telling me that you use trigonometry everyday? That’s stupid.”

“You’re stupid.”

“What do you even mean by that?”

“Even if you don't, some people will, like those who would take engineering at college.”

“But I will not, Eve. That’s the point. Algebra, research, and seriously, quantum physics?” Lazily, I shrugged my shoulders.

“You were not like this before…” 

“Yeah…” Something inside me made me want to bite my gums for how painfully accurate she was. “I know.” 

The pause after was awkward. The atmosphere got heavier as the silence continued. Eve frowned. She seemed discouraged. I was unnecessarily rude when she showed concern. If anything, it was just right to apologize.

“I’m sorry, Eve…” I sighed, probably frowning. “That was too immature of me. I was starting to enjoy that book, by the way. May I borrow it?”

Eve submissively returned the book. The intensity and awkwardness calmed down between us. Although it felt like she wanted to say something, Eve evidently held back.

“Okay, but can you at least attend your class? Your grades wouldn’t matter if the professors decided to drop you out.”

“Alright,” I sighed dramatically.

Excitedly, Eve grabbed the chair beside me and sat. There was a total transformation from her mood. It was like night and day.

“So? How did you like the book so far?” asks Eve, her eyes glimmering from curiosity.

“It was tense. Characters are interesting, I enjoyed how the narration focused on the psychological aspect of the story.”

“I see…”

Everything turned to normal again after I gave her my opinion. It marked the end of our banter. The club room was filled with silence. Its floor was covered with a golden shine. The temperature was just right. It wasn’t too cold or too hot. Eve prepared tea and biscuits. This was her offer at the start of the semester: “To anyone who joins the reader’s club, you’ll get free tea and biscuits as long as you read during our time."
She brewed them perfectly, and the aroma of the tea had taken me to a place as if I were wandering inside the queen’s courtyard. The biscuit brand was unfamiliar to me. The language seemed French—expensive and menacingly elite. Every sweet and tea she offered had a certain exquisite gourmet taste. Their sugar melted inside my tongue with just the right amount of sweetness and addictiveness. I’m speechless, to say the least. It was such a shame that not a lot of students were interested, but at the same time, I prefer it that way.
Most students were normally dismissed after five during their club activities, but I was still reading until the sun went down. This was a common routine. There’s nothing to do after school other than wait for work. For Eve, I do think that if she could read in one place forever, without responsibilities awaiting her, she would. That’s my impression, at least, but regardless, she’s such a bookworm that I've never questioned her love for books.
Personally, it’s more fun to read with snacks and tea. Second, I don’t want to go home yet. A few hours of break doing nothing isn’t worth it unless I need to take a bath. I rather stay on the streets and buy myself some smoke.
“How are you lately?” Intrudes I, as Eve nonchalantly reads her thick book while casually sipping her tea from time to time.

“I’m alright.” 

Eve seemed rich, yet contrary to the same archetypes, like the playboy Joshua who goes to school with his car. Eve was much more disciplined. 

“I see.”

There’s no merit in befriending me. Everyone already hates me. That’s just how teenagers' society is. Everything is about reputation. They’re like animals who don’t know any better. It’s not that I’m ungrateful or anything. When one considers the full weight of the situation, Eve’s decision to invite me to her very own club was strange. Perhaps she was that desperate for new members.

“Eve,” I intruded the silence again, “may I ask for something? You could say that it's a bit of an insensitive question.”

“Sure.” She gracefully placed a bookmark at the page where she was at as the book was placed atop Eve’s lap.

“Why did you invite someone like me to this book club?”

Eve raised her left brow in response, “That’s simple. You love reading books don’t you? There’s no other reason why you would accept my invitation otherwise.”

“But you’re aware that everyone dislikes me, right?”

“Ah, are you perhaps the kind of man who lets what other people think affects you?”


I was flabbergasted by her sudden attack. 

“Well, of course not.”

I wonder if this girl was even aware of the blade inside her words. This is what I heard about her from other students' impressions: that she was a cruel deity of righteousness. I used to think that it was just a rumor and an exaggeration, yet perhaps there might be some truth in it.

And then afterwards, she dismissed the club for today. I placed the book on the bookshelf. She cleaned the tea cups, tea plates, and the plate on which the snacks had been placed. I helped her dry them by wiping them with a dishcloth.
The distance between Eve’s dorm and the school was ten minutes or less. Most students had a car or someone to fetch them, especially the rich ones. Some even used their bicycles because the school always promoted that eco-friendly vehicle, and I’m sure that there’s a huge fitness advantage to cycling daily.
Eve always preferred to walk. I do as well. I love to observe the town at night. There’s something about it that makes me feel homesick, and it's such a warm feeling that I don’t mind staying inside me.
“Eve, do you mind if I walk with you?” 

She meekly nodded.

My aunt told me before that I should never let a girl walk alone at night. Especially if I’m acquainted with her.

“But, don’t you have work to do?”


“It’s fine.” I answered. “My work is along that path.”
We reached the intersection between the road to her dorm and the Queen’s Lodge. Just by the name of the establishment, it sounded as if only students with a large sum of money could have afforded this dormitory. I’ve barely wondered, but Eve does seem to come from a well-off family. The clubroom itself had so many books that seemed expensive. I remembered one time I searched for a Russian author’s hardbound, and the price was about 2 months of my daily budget.
“Eve, I’ve always wondered. Were you the one who bought all the books from our clubroom? "I mean, no way, right? There were several bookshelves full of books. She must’ve at least borrowed most of it from the school and other libraries, or bought it second-hand at least.
“Well, yes, of course!” Eve softly exclaimed, with excitement sparkling in her eyes. “I handpicked all of them! Every single book! The finest quality from Awazon and local bookstores! ”

“Wow. That’s impressive.” My jaw dropped from imagining her expenses just to make her own book club.
“Are you worried about the books? I take care to maintain them everyday.” She gently reassured me with a smile. “Or if you want to borrow something, just let me know.”
“Sure. I’ll tell you whenever.”

Before I knew it, the two of us arrived at her dormitory’s gate. It was a huge space of plot surrounded by trees. Eve told me that the Queen’s Lodge was another fifty to seventy steps away from the entrance gate to the actual dorm. That was surprisingly far—frankly, too far for girls to walk daily. Maybe.
“Thank you for today.”
And there she goes. I took a heavy sigh. Why do I feel like I’m getting carried away? Eve is a good person. She should never associate herself with someone like me. The truth is, I’m just no one. All those talents my trainers in sprint recognize in me were nothing but the mere hard work I have gained since childhood. They developed as I matured. It makes sense that I had a massive advantage compared to other athletes.
However, my life as a runner was already over. I’m useless. Even though my legs got injured after the accident, the doctor said that they are fine enough to walk or jog as long as I don’t abuse my legs too harshly or place them under too much physical stress. Obviously, I can never be an athlete anymore. It’s true. I can feel it myself. These legs of mine don’t work like they used to. I have never tried running all-out again since then. When I was confined at the hospital all I did was rest and tamer exercises. The nurse stopped me from placing my body under too much physical stress. It’s not like I could because the stupid walking sticks were basically glued to me before.
I sighed. An extremely stupid idea just popped into my head almost impulsively. I stretched my legs, jerked my feet, and did twenty jumping jacks. It was a nice warm-up. I leaned my body down. I was bending, and ready to run as fast as I could.
In three, 
two, 
and one...
Nothing.

Huh? That’s strange. Maybe I should try again. There’s no way, right? My legs might have received some considerable damage, but they're still functional. I could still run. I just need to try again.
I had a brief amount of time to relax. My mind was set. I want to run. Maybe it was because of my warm-up. Alright. Jumping jacks, again.
My eyes were closed. I jogged in place, and then I jumped. My legs were in the air. It was all normal until I landed. The moment my shoes touched the ground, I slipped. I landed on the floor with my buttocks. It hurted. I can’t move. It was as if my legs were stuck on the floor. My lower body has no strength to lift my body up. It is almost detached.
In a sudden realization, it felt like the world had stopped. There was nothing. Dizziness came over my head. I felt my heartbeat pulsating. I was sweating all over my body. I can’t move my hands. I can’t move my legs. I can’t move anything. My body, as if possessed by someone else’s. They won't respond.
What? I didn’t even have time to be surprised. Why? It was so strange my head was essentially filled with question marks. My world turned gray. Run. These legs are stuck. Run! Like a piece of meat rotten and rejected. Why don’t you run? I can’t breathe. I was shivering. My body won’t move. I’m possessed by a ghastly thread. These joints stuck and erased.
“Ah!” Until suddenly, Eve came back. “Before you go, please wait! Huh? Why are you sitting on the floor?” 
She was panting. Maybe she remembered something important as she was definitely in a rush. 
“I’m glad you’re still here!" She smiled sweetly as she lent her hand.
“Don’t worry,” I told her casually as I slowly stood up from the ground, probably shaking but Eve didn’t seem to notice. “I’m fine.”
“Please,” she said, almost shouting dramatically while her index finger pointed right at me. "Don't forget to attend your classes tomorrow! ”
I blanked out.  

“I’ll make sure to serve more delicious sweets and tea if you attend consistently!”
Letting out a gentle chuckle, I answered. “I will try," stuttering in both amazement and surprise.

“That’s not a good enough answer!”
"Yeah, of course." For some reason, I found her soft, ladylike voice heartwarming. “I’ll do my best.”

And with that, Eve smiled as she gracefully turned her back straight to the dormitory.


Chapter 1 - Coffee Shop
Off-tone notes, piano licks, and suave plucking of guitar chords—through the speaker of high audio definition, the jazz soundtrack was continuously played inside the coffee shop I work with. My outfit as a barista was in a considerable amount of exquisite fashion: a black and white apron, slacks and belt, a white polo, and black shoes. The manager and I had the same outfit until our shift, which was specifically between seven to twelve. The amount of salary they offered was manageable, but the real reason I applied here was because I like coffee. Although I always felt like there was a whole different reason why, the thought never fully entered my mind.
Anyway, Coffee Mania was not as popular as Stabsucks; that’s why the workload was lax. The familiar customers had always ordered the same meals. That lady with glasses and a high-end laptop likes to buy chocolate cake and strawberry frappes, and the man with her iPad loves to order low-calorie beverages just like Cafe Americano. I get it. That drink barely had calories in it—a healthy coffee in exchange for its awful taste.
Most of them were polite and friendly people who were easy to talk to. It was the same as for my co-workers, Erika and the manager. Despite the age gap, in which I doubt it’s clear to them how much, they never act too strict.
“May I buy a Latte please?”

“Right away.”


“You look like you’re too young to work… or maybe you’re just a handsome boy.”

“Thank you, ma’am.” 

At times like this, I don’t know exactly how to respond with these types of conversation. I just go with the flow, the best I can, with an intention to fully hide my age of course.

“What’s your name?”
“Uh…”

“Do you have a girlfriend?”

Pain.

“No, not really…”

“No way, I was sure you had a lot!”

Players have too much emotional strength. How they could juggle between each other was beyond me.

“I wish my son was half as studious as you. He only locks himself inside his room.” Her face turned sour, almost disappointed really as she continued. “Never studying, failing exams… my god, please help this child.”

I gave her her coffee latte, and after that, she left and returned to her table as she minded her own business.
There was a reason why I got myself a job. It was a very selfish one. In fact, I don’t necessarily need to tire myself out like this. My aunt gives me money monthly to buy groceries and the things that I want. She also pays for my tuition.
Each time I reflect on myself in this case, the conclusion always arrives that there's no good reason why I should continue my shift for Coffee Mania. I didn’t even tell her that I’m working, and it's not like she suspected anything for now, but a good chance was that she already knew.
“Hey, just got here!” A familiar co-worker appeared, her name is Erika, a college student. “Wah! You’re early again! Makes me think that I’m late.”
“You should try and do the same once in a while, Erika,” cuts the manager as he pats my head, “this kid right here displays an ideal work ethic for the employees. It’s just right for everyone to show the same motivation.”
“Jeez, boss. That’s not fair.”
“I’m not a kid you know. If anything, maybe you should work instead of napping at the customer's table just a few minutes ago.”

“Woah.”

“That’s the kid for you,” grins Erika as she was staring at the manager, and laughed back at me.
“You copped me out man…” The manager sulked. “But we don’t have many customers, and at this point, I wouldn’t be surprised if Coffee Mania closed down.”
Should the manager talk that way?
“Well, I’m sure it’ll all be fine,” Erika replied with her passive optimism as she tended her hair. “Our job is to do our job, right?”
“Right.”
“By the way, do any of you know the stories that've been circling around lately?” 
Erika and I both shaked our heads.
“Story, you say? What is it, like some urban legends?”

“Yeah, exactly.”

“We’re too old to believe in that stuff…”
“Well, just listen. Apparently, one of the college students was dating in the park at night. I mean, it’s pretty normal during my days but there’s something in this story that was exceptionally unique.”

“Can’t say about me, but I’m sure one of my friends does that as well. That’s pretty much some daily stuff for them normies.” 
I sometimes wonder if college students only think about dating. “So, what’s the catch, manager?”
“Well, he told everyone that he saw the grim reaper. Can’t see the face since the dude was apparently wearing some edgy dark cloak, like you know, the cartoon depiction of their kind. No one really believed him, I mean, would you? I’m sure anyone would agree, there’s a weirdo cosplaying as a grim reaper, and that’s it. But here’s the weird part, the grim reaper told him that his time is up, naturally, he laughed like hell. He told the grim reaper that he had too much to drink, or smoke, whatever. The college dude even told her gf but she didn’t take him seriously, and well, so did he. I mean that’s how the story revolved.”

“Ah, I heard that story too! "Interrupts Erika, “my friend mentioned it once, but no one really takes that story seriously. Oh, and also, apparently, the same person went missing for days now. It really makes you wonder."
“Well, the truth is, I know what happened to him.”

I gulped.

“Oh?” The manager smirked playfully as he turned his mocking gaze right at me. “I didn’t know that the kid was so  easily scared.”

“I’m not.”
“Don’t bully him. I’m sure that everyone has some weak point or another!”

But, really, to see a glimpse of the grim reaper itself huh? That story itself is quite childish.
“Anyway, there’s a customer. Time to work, boys and girls.”
“Right!” Erika and I answered synchronously.
Anyway, there’s really not much of a customer tonight. I guess that’s just expected. What should I do?
VN CHOICES
Talk to the Manager about the grim reaper
Talk to Erika 
Choices - Talk to the Manager about the grim reaper

“Yo, do you want to take a break?”

“Yeah, I guess.”

“Honestly, looking at you I would suggest that you atleast take one to three days of leave.”

The manager was surprisingly worried about me, “Was it because we haven’t got many customers lately?”

“The self-awareness of this one,” he let out such a disappointing sigh with a pensive face.


“Wait manager! I wanted to talk to you about the grim reaper stuff earlier.”

“About that? Just move on, this type of story isn’t for you.”

Because it was horror?

“You’ll be surprised, I watched even the scariest film ever made by Mr. Friedkin or Kim Jee-won.”
William Friedkin. As far as I’ve watched, there are two films that I’ve seen, and I’m confident enough that they were universally hailed as masterpieces. 12 Angry Men and The Exorcist and if I had to take a pick, 12 Angry Men has got to be one of my favorites, not just as a film but also as a means to reflect my ideals to society and what it takes for other people to absorb my values and virtues. I’m not saying that I’m a saint; every man has a finite life, and that film made me realize that it takes so much effort to try and persuade a human heart. Justice, law, empathy, and truth—every other brain has its own particular take and level of apathy for strangers. It’s really easier if one just doesn't care, regardless of the stakes.
“Well, no, it’s not about that at all.”

Kim Jee-Won. I Saw The Devil was recommended to me by a friend on the internet, and it turned out to be one of my favorite horror-psychological thrillers ever. The gory aesthetic and angst of this film resonate with me. I could just gush about Choi Min-sik’s fanboy for like forever. His work with Oldboy was just as beautiful. However, don’t be tempted by the words I chose, because that and A Tale of Two Sisters were two of the films that actually scared the shit out of me. Please watch it! It’s kino af.

“You see, the guy got himself into trouble, cheated on the daughter of a mafia boss.”
“Oh.” I replied, speechless. Yikes. Now my expectations were ruined, and yeah, it’s interesting, but at the same time, it’s none of my business. He’s right. I don’t want to hear anything anymore, I guess. It’s still interesting though.
Choices - Talk to Erika

The truth was, I was never the boy who approached Erika to converse. Normally, she would’ve just surprised me, and that’s how the flow would go. Sometimes, she just catches me glancing at her, and that’s how we will be talking. She might look a bit serious at work, but the impression I got from her was that she’s a bubbly person.


“How's it going?” Cheerfully, Erika asks with a smile
“The work? It’s fine, helps that it isn’t busy.”

“I mean, no. Nevermind.”

Erika seems to have a problem. She was fidgeting as if unsure of what she was about to do.

“Manager! Can we take a smoke break?!”


We?

“Sure.”

Wait what? I didn’t consent to this! 
With the sound of the lighter flickering, the slim cigarette femininely hangs at the tip of Erika’s fingernails. Her red lips are attached to the brown end of a slim cigarette as she sucks the tip and simultaneously lights the tobacco. 
The smoke started to puff out from her mouth and nose. Her beautiful chin relaxed, and her back leaned against the brick wall.
“Want some?”

“Sure.”

“You know, something was bothering me. I felt like I’ve seen you before.”

“Me?”

“And you look too young to work too, hell, smoking cigarettes even.”

“I get that alot.”

“But I mean, that’s not really my business. Do you know that I started working when I was fifteen? It’s not like my family can’t pay for me or anything, I just wanted to buy something using my own money. Clothes, shoes, make-up, all that stuff.”
My reason for working…

“And perhaps you haven’t noticed yourself, I also know when a man has a bit of a lapse under his sleep.”


I did the same, but not as cool as her. I lit the cigarette and started smoking it. Her cig was menthol, the same brand and flavor as the one I always buy.

“Then again, I don’t really know much about you but I’m worried. You can tell your big sis your problems anytime, you know?”


“I don’t know…”

“Hm…?”


It’s strange. Between my work and my school and my friends, there was something different. 

“How’s your school?”

“It sucks,” I sigh, gazing away from her.


Erika smoked and puffed the nicotine that she inhaled right through her lungs.

“I don’t know why. I used to be someone who could study easily, get to the honors easily, but now, it sucks. It’s boring. Everyone, my classmates, except Eve, I guess. She’s nice, pretty too.”

“Eve’s your girlfriend?”

“No!” I blushed. “We’re nothing like that. I mean, sorry, I can’t say but we’re not like that.”

For some reason, my heart starts to swell. I want to run away from this conversation.

Erika was silent as well. This was awkward.

“You look like you're in pain.”

“I don’t know.” I bit my lips to stop the tears. “Right now, if I could tell you, I don’t know if it’s right or wrong just to say so but, I enjoy being with you, being with manager and serving customers, way more than the kids my age. Isn’t that weird? I’m a weirdo. It’s abnormal.”

“That’s not true.”

“Anyway, I’m sorry for bothering you with all these.” but before I had a chance to step away, I felt a soft touch on my hand. It was Erika. Her slender arm pulled me back at her closely. With a little tap, she patted my head, and gently pushed my head to her chest.

“Do you feel like crying?”

“No, not really.”

“Big sis is not enough… I’m sorry.”

“Don’t apologize. In the first place, I’m just a stranger, and you’re like an angel.” I said that. I really said that.

“Ah…” 

I’m embarrassed. Such corny words, but now I can’t take it back. She’ll probably laugh at me later on. I’m sorry.

Black Screen

Back at the Cafe

“Yo, kid, welcome back. How is it? Is Erika your girlfriend now?”

Shivers.

“What the fuck, manager.”


Blood boiling.

“Oi. Oi. That’s no way to talk to your manager Mr. Playboy.”

The fuck is your problem?

Erika clinged to my shoulder flirtatiously. “Got a problem with that?” And she sweetly stared at me with the amount of body contact only couples do as if to say, “am I right?”

Shut up.

“No way,” the manager’s mouth agape in pure amazement, almost sarcastically.

“I’m sorry!” 

And then…

I ran away,

Like there’s a jet engine attached to my legs. 

“Jeez, Erika, you’re cruel.”

“Wait what? What do you mean? I just got rejected! I mean, I’m not that serious, but,” however, the manager cuts Erika before she could finish her sentence.
“Months ago, someone gave that kid a letter. I don’t know what it said, but the moment he opened the letter, his face turned completely pale, horrified.”
“I remember, but I was absent that day."
“And on the same day, he was hospitalized. Up until now, I never really asked what happened, but at the same time, I don’t think that it's your fault per se. Let's face it, the kid has problems, and it's too much of us if he expects us to give him special treatment; actually, nevermind, but that’s my take as your manager.
Back at the Cafe.
I was running vigorously, like I used to. It’s been over ten minutes, but my legs refused to stop. I was trembling, scared, and afraid. My lungs pumped oxygen; I felt it. I was less sturdier, and my stamina had been affected, most likely due to smoking cigarettes, but I don’t care.
Before I knew it, I was in the park. It was unbelievably foggy. What time is it? I checked my smartphone. It was eleven at night. There aren't many people here. In fact, it’s just me alone in the middle of the night. The streetlights, the garden, small trees, and benches—this is the park that I’ve known. This place used to be a popular spot for grown-ups, but now it’s only me that’s here.
The grim reaper, yeah. Such a childish story that no one would ever believe, nor even try to take seriously.
I’m exhausted. I think my legs gave up. It was understandable. I forced them to run like that. If anything, I’m glad I didn’t get into another accident while on some sort of childish rampage. This never happened before. The adrenaline pumped up vigorously. My whole body was blazing, but slowly I started to cool down.
I’m disappointed in myself. I destroyed it—the effort that I obsessively and continuously gave half of my life—just because I wanted to smoke. 
Maybe inside of me, I've already faced it. I don’t think I’ll be like them at all. Having a normal family, no matter what hardships, having normal friends, and having normal hobbies—none of them described what I really am inside. I’m what people around the school describe as truant, a loser, and a disappointment. Someone who’s washed up and someone who failed everybody’s expectations—a stubborn piece of meat that doesn't know its place in the world.
I cried. I think I’m tearing up. My posture curved like a shrimp, almost kneeling to the ground. I wanted to vomit, but I couldn't.

The last thing I remembered before my knee broke was a beep and a blinding headlight. After that—my stomach raged like crazy. The world around me, I was dizzy. Blood rushed to my head. It was really cold. The park was too foggy, and dark, as if I’m trapped inside the park.

But as I paced myself, I caught my breath, and stabilized.

“Let’s face it, that kid who cheated on a mafia boss' daughter… He is no more, and by no means against the magical scythe of grimmy girl. I would bet every penny I have, he was shot in the head mercilessly, and maybe the girl was accomplice herself. What a funny world.”

What do you think about Alice as a grim reaper, Victor? Maybe that she really did become a magical creature, or lets say a magical girl whatsoever. 

“There’s no way in hell that grim reaper shit is true.”

And there’s no way in hell that Alice will appear in this park embodying the creature of death, she’s too beautiful for that.
Oh well, what a joke. I always had a good hunch about the truth behind the manager’s words, but I supposed that I didn't have it in me to accept it until now. Why? I don't really know. I guess it was because I had tasted kindness so much that I wanted to believe in it as well. The truth, however, is very far from wrong. Reality is gruesome and merciless for the astray, but, whatever, that's none of my business, really. You did what you did to yourself.
I glanced at my wristwatch. It's late in the evening, not that I feel particularly hungry.  In the first place, I don’t usually buy dinner, but I suppose I should now.































Chapter 2

“Doing Math assignments late at night is no excuse for tardiness Mr. Adam, if the professor says you receive negative points, then shouldn’t you take it to heart and learn for next time?”
That was Eve, our section’s class president. Her stern demeanor made it hard for others to befriend her. The sharp edge of her words, feared by the strictest professors and students alike, had some sort of poison that destroyed anyone's morale. She was popular enough to politically dominate the current student council line-up; although this is probably an exaggeration, the fact that a hearsay like that had spread tells me enough.
As a normal student, I’m not fully familiar with how the system of student council operates, but apparently, there was this system where the manner of power imitated governors. There could only be one student president per city, and every year, a student must vote.
Anyway, I remember seniors trying to convince Eve and Alice to run because they have a certain image in public. They were the two geniuses who were rivals in academics, but in the end, none of them ran as a candidate for any position. As a result, the battle was not even close. A girl I never heard of and an artist hailed as a prodigy, the daughter of a politician who was from Snowless Academy, had taken both the positions of president and vice president.
What am I even doing in an academy that has a prestigious history? I suppose that I passed the entrance exam, but mind you, my aunt gave me some sort of spartan training to prepare for it. I'm not some sort of guy with a hidden genius or anything close. Aunt Emilia was just that good of a professor. In fact, all the professors here pale in comparison. In the end, I got accepted, and just like that, I'm now surrounded by people I had nothing in common with.
“Mr. Victor, it’s nice of you to attend my class again.”

“Yes, I’m present sir.”

“Thank you, from now on, please be consistent.”
Normally, my classmates would find this kind of scenario funny, but none of them are laughing. Truth is, they don’t even try to bat an eye. It was as if I didn't exist in the classroom.
I don’t mind, though. It’s just as I expected. I’ve already thought of what’s going to happen the moment I attend the class. Something like this was certainly bound to happen. Outcasting, bullying, and interrogating—I did find myself at the lower end of society all so suddenly.
“How about Alice?”

How about Alice?
“Have you any idea where she might be, Mr. Victor?”
The class that was once filled with silence, all of them suddenly bursted with murmurs. They were like a bunch of cockroaches slithering in my ear. Disgust must be showing on my face quite visibly right now.
“Excuse me, professor,” interrupts Eve. “Isn’t it unfair to ask Mr. Victor that particular question?”

“Why would I have an idea where she is anyway, professor?” I interjected as I ignored Eve’s remarks.


“There’s no need for hostility, Mr. Victor.”

Eve however slammed her table and pressed for his attention. “Must this question be that relevant for today’s lecture?”

“Hey,” stands up one of the girls, “what are you, his defense attorney?”
“I mean, it’s a simple question too.”
“Right, right.”
“He could just answer a few words, really.”
“Yes, or I don’t know. Very simple.”
“How hard can that be?”
“Unless…”


“Professor,” the classroom suddenly turned silent. “You’re an asshole if you think you’re a good teacher.”

After that I grabbed my bag and walked out of the room.












Interlude
Eve didn’t know what to say. The classroom that was supposed to be filled with awkwardness from the earlier drama didn’t have much of an effect on today's lecture. Lessons continued like nothing happened. With the math formulas, the sound of chalk being pressed at the board, and the math teacher’s strict appearance, it was as if the tension between the class and Victor was just a wind passing by. 
Did Eve not expect this outcome?
It was hard to say, or maybe she was just that stubborn. Despite having an idea about the harm that would inflict Victor with the bored, mindless accusations of teenagers and teachers, Eve still tried to insist on her own standard for his situation. Regardless of the possible consequence, she must’ve been aware of that. To make him attend class was a suicide mission.
Needless to say, Eve looked at this situation pitifully. So much so that she forgot to take notes for the day’s lecture. Her plain notebook, without much design compared to her classmates with cute stickers and stylish names, was almost empty on today’s date.
“Miss Eve! ” The girl approached Eve with a cheerful facade, just like she always did. She was wearing the same outfit as every other girl does. Skirts, blazers, ties, etc. What makes this certain girl appealing however was style. She has a thin sky blue jacket tied in her waist between her top uniform and skirt.
 but after making a glance at Eve's empty notebook. She thought that it was very uncharacteristic of her. “Oh no, what happened to your pen? Was it broken? I could’ve lent my extra!”

“I’m sorry, Mika, I failed to jot down notes today.”

“No, no. It’s not about that.” With the intent to console Eve, she presented her own notes. “Ta-da!”

Quadratic formula and other algebraic expressions. Eve looked at her notes with a dry expression, but she immediately smiled and gave her a warm thanks. The truth was, Eve already learned all of their lectures and the school’s syllabus years ago, even before she was in high school, because of her own strict home tutor. 
“I’m sorry, Mika,” Eve answered, standing up in her chair. “I’m not feeling well today. Please excuse me.”
“Wait!” Mika grabbed Eve’s hands as she was walking away. “Ah, no. I’m sorry, but I’m sorry to intrude. This isn’t probably my place but, but… Was it because of Victor? You did try to defend him. Why did you do that? He's a dangerous person.”
“That’s not true.”
“Are you?” stuttering, Mika decided to gather up her courage and ask her. “Are you in love with Victor? ”

Eve didn’t reply immediately. She smirked, almost creepily. Why would anyone smile like that after such a question? Eve was definitely stunned off-guard by that, which she recognized as random. 
The whole classroom, everyone, heard Mika’s question.
“I mean, there’s no other way. Why would anyone go as far as to defend that deadweight?”
“He used to be a star athlete, though, until he got caught smoking outside. Now the team manager doesn't even recognize him.”
“It was sad.”
“Only a dumbass would ruin their future like that.”
“Everyone did try to appreciate, and sympathize, but now look at him.
“Thinking he's a big deal for no reason. Fucking pisses me off.”
However, Eve answered as coldly as possible.
“Nah. Not really.”




























Manager is a mafia
MC is the mafia’s private detective
Alice was a victim of debt
Erika is a very fake-ass girl, very unhappy, unable to move on to her last bf 
Eve is a girl that is very interested about knowing Alice but also sympathize with the MC, her route should help Erika and try to learn about the MC backstory
The essence of the story is about MC hiding the pass, because of guilt and shit.
(NOTES)


Eve gets kidnap
Showcase eve unhappiness bullying and isolation and alienation
Showcase criminal connections of mc

